["wow you even look like a pedophile","on the bright side there is a 100% chance he is still a virgin","100% chance there are a handful of Cub Scouts that have super sore butt holes.","\"Two in the stink, .\"","Scouts honor ","Virgin with a female you mean.","with anyone over the age of 14","If he scouts for anything it sure as shit isn't for eagles.","Draco Malfoy REEEAAAALLLYYY fell off after Hogwarts...","I didn't think Malfoy could look any gayer until seeing this","I'm a bot, ","If you tell me not to vote in the other threads you know i'm going to click the link and downvote it.","Reported, you criminal.","I wanna join the rebel too.","\"These are the two fingers I use to stimulate my prostate.\"","Only two? This guy fistbumps his prostate cause it's a bro","Well there's only one way to get the assplay merit badge","It's a real life butters","or present day Hitler",null,"Holy shit I knew emo kids got their style from Hitler but holy shit","Is emo and scene still a thing?","\"I'm zat fabulous!\"","Heil Hipster !","Just cut the pants off above the knees and he'd be right out of the Hitler Youth Corps. ","Hipstler.","or Simon Pegg's brother","I was thinking Liam McPoyle from Its Always Sunny. ","You claim to be an Eagle Scout, but you can't even do the correct salute. It seems you have to make up accomplishments in order to feel satisfactory of your failures.","A Scout is trustworthy. This dude is not trustworthy.","STOLEN VALOR!!!!!!!!","I didn't even reach Eagle before dropping out and I still feel like I did better than this guy...",null,"Came here to say this. Take my Karma.","Saaaameeee ","Probably went to an \"eagle nest\"","🎤Ambiguously Gay.. Boy Scout","Scouter*","Hitler called, he wants his youth back.","No you're fucking not. You can't even do the right scout symbol. You've created the retarded child of the Weblos and Boy Scouts. Go home you wannabe. ","Its like Stolen Valor: Boy Scouts edition","Yet you're flashing the cub scout sign. Maybe it's just a reflection of your maturity.","If Sid the sloth fucked an equally creepy child molester. ","OP is a liar, that's the Cub Scout sign, not the Boy Scouts. He only hangs out with 10 year olds","Ya, I'm questioning the validity of his Eagle Scout. Probably just that camp counselor none of the kids liked","Claims to be an ephebophile.... actually a pedophile.","Jesus, you look like Hitlers missing ball.","I didn't touch those boys, scouts honor ","You look like a Hitler Youth Camp counselor whose hair fell out after a particular vigorous session of buggery.","I bet those fingers smell like a young kids innocence.","You came on ","OP also came ","Knows how to tie 100's of knots, can't undo a bra","Let me guess...your Service Project was teaching NAMBLA members how to scrub their hard drives?","You are an alternate timeline Mackelmore","Not even a scout salute that's a cub scout salute.","Your mouth looks like a butthole with teeth.","You're holding up the Webelo salute.","You might come in peace but she's never going to come at all.","\"Just take the picture, mom. Geez.\"","What's it like being a virgin?","I'm surprised those little boys would even fuck you. ","You look like you're angrily telling everyone which fingers you want in your ass..","Good thing those blinds are closed, wouldn't want to make the neighbors have to look at your ugly ass.","You look like Blonde Hitler.","To far, but I can't look away!","Go back to the couch flock of seagulls.","All that scouting & you still can't comb your hair or brush your teeth right.","You look like the actor that played Draco Malfoy except on meth and 13 different types of acid. ","You're one of those guys that wears a wacky shirt to divert attention from your ugly face.","\"Do these fingers smell like shit to you\"?","I know one place those two fingers will never enter.","There's not enough room on my doll to show all the places you touch kids","The poster child for birth control","23 and already a shitty comb-over. You definitely belong in scouting.","23 years of wasted space captured in one disturbing picture. Well done. ","So look like the kind of guy who would sue to join the Girl Scouts.","You look like Simon Pegg & Jean-Baptiste Emanuel Zorg's retarded love child.","You look like the kind of guy that sucked off the lodge chief to get Vigil Honor in Order of the Arrow. ","Just go ahead and put those other two fingers up","Looks like Tom Felton lost his acting career and started doing lines in his mom's basement","The dyed blond hair makes it look like you are in serous denial of being a ginger.","Dude your mom didn't finish cutting your hair, she must have gotten excited when you showed her your Cub Scout Sign and ran straight to bed.","Your camel toe is showing, try to be decent pls. Keep Reddit non-pornographic forums clean.","Yer doing the fucking scout symbol wrong ","You look like a Chinese knockoff Justin Bieber","\"Bald? I'm not bald you silly goose, look how long my centre piece of an attempt at a fringe is.\"","Isn't cub scouts two fingers? Why are you trying to steal Boy Scouts valor?","Actual eagle scout here, you're a fucking disappointment, but I'm sure you're used to being told that. ","I would assume an eagle scout would know that you are doing the cub scout sign, not the boy scout sign.","Glad someone pointed this out!","You look like 23 year old Eagle Scout","Boy Scouts use 3 fingers, not 2, you can't even get the scout sign right.","you already roasted yourself by getting that haircut","That's the cub scout sign... ","Three fingers not two. Also, Eagle Scouts are taught to use clean language.","Did you earn the Brain Dead merit badge?  You are too stupid to even flash the correct ","\"So gay can't say it with a straight face lookin' boy\"","\"If you tell I swear on scouts honor you will get in trouble too.\"","Aren't you supposed to be rioting somewhere with all the other fucking pussies?","Lmaoooooo","Are those 2 fingers how your Scouts will get their first badges, too?","You're a disgrace to eagle scouts everywhere; you're suppposed to hold up three fingers, not two.","Schools weren't good enough, buddy had to shoot up his troop.","23 is a little old to be a scout. Don't you think you should have been upgraded to molester instead of still being a molestee at this point in your life?","Your hair is a poor attempt to cover up your massive forehead","Eagle Scout uses rape; it's super effective. ","is eagle scout the name of some sort of Swedish death metal band?","lol hi Riff Raff","Look at the upvotes on this post. A subreddit that's dedicated to roasting people took one look at you and decided you weren't worth their time.","One of your pussies smells like you couldn't get the hotdog out and the other is actually an asshole, but I see how a scout would make that mistake.","Balding Eagle Scout","Your teeth remind me of when I eat corn then take a shit","They told you it would help you later in life, pro tip: It doesn't.","You'll always be mommy's little brownshirt :)","Are you demonstrating how to stretch a child's asshole for optimal penetration?","\"2 fingers in the rear please then cum on my something about Mary hair\"","What's it like still having your virginity? ","And so Butters loved the bumming so much he decided to stay an Eagle forever.","This is, in my opinion, the most troubling thing to come out of Trump being elected. Freaks everywhere think they can comb their shit forward and go out in public. ","Winner of the budget emo Macklemore contest.","I don't even have anything clever to say...","Eagle scout? More like a son of a bitch.","You look like you lick other people's wounds","i'd rather boil you cause you literally look like an egg","Macklemore crossed with a naked mole rat ","is that a banana in your pants or are you just glad to see me?","Wrong sign, dumbass. Some Eagle Scout you are. ","Looks like blonde Hitler came back to life.","You spelled Hitler Yoth wrong.","I bet the happiest moment of your life was becoming old enough to take the scouts camping alone ","Wow you're not even going to TRY to make this a challenge?","Is that a Counter Strike rank?","ye looking like a tranny with them hips. Eagle Scout? yea, something not right about you.","Your scout symbol is wrong. Or are you just showing us how many fingers you like in your ass. Thats probably the pain/pleasure smile you have when your bf goes to town.","Looks like he's ready to get the prostate exam merit badge. . .","Butters?","A mix of hitler youth and the village people. ","Bet your favorite badge is the Shh don't tell mommy and daddy badge","OP's ","No. You look like you've suffered enough, what with having half your head scalped and all.","Are they the fingers you use to explore the new campers?","You hand says Eagle scouts but your hair screams Hitler Youth. ","That stick up your ass was meant for the campfire","So, found any children's socks to wank into in the back of the closet yet? ","Til this very day the only badges you have been able to attain is, theater, pottery, and cooking...","Your haircut screams \"denial of male pattern baldness.\"","Your hair is blonder than your teeth are.","You look like hitlers angsty son","Is Eagle Scout new slang for Hitler Youth?","More like Beaver Scout. ","You look like you sit outside a supermarket drinking a whole gallon of milk, while waiting for your next victim to walk out.","So that's what they're calling the Hitler Youth now.","Looks like your \"\"eagle project\"\" was making your own three-day Hitler youth camp for the other fake boyscouts","You look like the kind of guy that smoked pot and dropped acid on the scout camping trips. ","On your way to your Fallacio and Bukkaki badge. Camp Commander had a huge load for you ","You look like simon pegg. Except not cool. And not heterosexual. And simon pegg doesnt likely have a few cub scouts buried in the crawlspace of his house. ","Your haircut is worse than your life choices.","Its like if Hitler had a gay son","Who leads with Eagle scout at 23?","Boyscouts kicks you out at age 18 even if you haven't finished your eagle scout project. Clearly you're retarded and I'm sorry for that. ","You look like your father would be disappointed in you.","Malfoy: Columbine edition","That's the Cub Scout sign not the Boy Scout sign. You probably don't deserve your eagle if you don't know the difference.","You took Weblows literally, didn't you?","\"I wear women's clothes.\"","Virgin Tom Felton","You look like a gay millennial Hitler","The bad guy from Fifth Element just got his Pedo-badge. ","People like you are the reason why people don't respect BSA anymore.","The 5th Element 2: Zorg's Bastard Dissapointment. ","Oh my fucking god I can just hear your obnoxious high pitched secretly gay voice. I bet you switch that anime try hard hair color every week to compensate for your dull fucking personality. \nAnd of course, the furry porn, my god, all the furry porn you've watched. I bet your mom have to tell family and friends \"Oh, our son is still figuring out who he is\", while your dad tightens the grip around the armrest in agony of how his son turned out to be this fucking big of a loser.","Wow, even got the sign wrong. I bet you didn't even do a project and blew the adults instead.","Didn't know Eagle Scouts took rejected bro nazi's ","You look like a male lesbian","I didn't realize Trump had shitty great children as well. ","Pretty sure you're not supposed to start fires by rubbing on another boy scout ","Definition of a Fuccboii","Draco \"Molesty\" Malfoy","Shit. Draco Malfoy is a white supremacist. ","You smile like you've got something to hide. ","If he is an Eagle Scout he won't have any problem knowing which knots he can tie to hang himself with. ","More like a flock of seagulls scout.","It's emo Reinhard Heydrich. ","When he doesn't even do the scout sign right. ","I suspect your project had something to do with \"safe spaces.\"","You look like a shit knock off of Gary Oldman in the Fifth Element ","The two fingers he most enjoys shoving in his asshole.","The fact that you're 23 and your most notable acomplisment is an Eagle Scout award says a lot about when you peaked.","I like that you colour matched your teeth with your hair! Got to work it this last year before you completely go bald.","Have you stopped sucking boy cock yet?","You're like a fucked up combination between Skrillex, Hitler and a random british guy.","You're the kind of person that if I saw you in the grocery store I would wish for your immediate death just because your haircut is ugly.","Love child of Simon Pegg and Skrillex."]